## Optimization of Performance, Frequency Selection, and Power Consumption 

To achieve optimal performance and avoid unnecessary energy consumption on your device, you need to select such frequency parameters so that the game does not slow down and nothing more. For this, it is recommended to use Status Monitor - a tool that allows you to track the load of your device components.

To find the optimal balance between performance and power consumption, you can decrease (or increase) the frequency settings based on the load results in the Status Monitor. Find a point where the hardware is not loaded at 100%, but is close to this level. Keep in mind that on the Switch, the "bottleneck" is the memory, and overclocking it is virtually cost-free, meaning it can be set to the maximum at which the device remains stable without affecting battery life. The higher the stage, the "cheaper" the memory overclocking for the console and the more effective it is. Overclocking the CPU is usually of little use (but there are exceptions). Therefore, the best option to start with is maximum memory overclocking and CPU\GPU overclocking somewhere in the middle. It is recommended to disable governors in this case. If the game stutters with this setup, increase the GPU frequency gradually until the stuttering stops. Then, enable the governors. If you experience FPS drops after enabling them, disable the GPU governor, as it often causes these drops. 

Don't chase frequencies and numbers. The only measure of a successful overclock is your comfort while playing. Frequencies do not reflect actual performance, and even more so power consumption. Note that each device has unique characteristics, so you need to adjust the frequencies according to your specific device model and the games you plan to run on it. Each game also has unique requirements.

With the InfoNX module, you can monitor the power consumption of the console. Measure the consumption in the tested game without overclocking and with overclocking, then find a balance between performance and power consumption. Remember that the higher the energy consumption, the faster the battery will drain in portable mode. For work in a dock or from charging, power consumption is not so important.
